# Getting Started
## Controls Overview
Hover over any of the icons to read a description of what it does.

## Logging into 8Tracks

1. Click the person in the upper right hand corner of the player.

* Fill in your 8Tracks login information in the username, password boxes.
	* Notice there is a red dot next to "8Tracks Login". This means that Virtuoso does not have your login info.
	
* Select 'Log in'. 
	* The red dot next to "8Tracks Login" should change from red to green.
	
* You are now logged in!

## Playing a Mix from the browser

1. Open an 8tracks mix in a chrome tab.
2. Open the Virtuoso player. 
3. Virtuoso will automatically start playing the mix.
	* *If Virtuoso is already playing a mix*: press the 'refresh' button in upper right hand corner of the player to load the mix in the chrome tab.
	

## Exporting Play Histories
Users may export the tracks they listened to and liked out of 8tracks using Virtuoso's export functionality.

### Exporting to Spotify

1. Click the options button in the upper right hand corner of the player.

In the Mix Manager:
* Select which mixes you wish to export.
* Type in Ctrl+C and select 'export to spotify' OR click the 'export to spotify' button.
* If you selected too many tracks, you will need to manually paste (Ctrl+V) into a playlist in spotify.

### Exporting to Plaintext

1. Click the options button in the upper right hand corner of the player.

In the Mix Manager:
* Select which mixes you wish to export.
* Type in Ctrl+C and select 'export to tab-delimited' OR click the 'export to tab-delimited' button.
* Open a spreadsheet editor, and press Ctrl+V

### Clearing Play History
1. Click the options button in the upper right hand corner of the player.

In the Mix Manager:
* Click on the "clear mix data" button




